---
slug: 2024-07-14-changelog
title: Changelog 2024-07-14
authors: Nacho
tags: [System, Changelog, July]
---


# Welcome
Welcome back and welcome in to this weeks release of the rolling Changelog. We are excited that you have stopped in and taken a look at what we have been working on! 

# Features
- Buisness In-Game Shoutouts
  - The Department of Commerce is now able to manage Buisness Shoutouts in-game without having to require staff involvement!
  - Color codes are not supported in these advertisements.
  - Syntax: `/register-business-shoutout <slot> <ad>`
- Campaign In-Game Shoutouts
  - The Department of Commerce is now able to manage Campaign Shoutouts in-game without having to require staff involvement!
  - Color codes are not supported in these advertisements.
  - Syntax: `/register-business-shoutout <slot> <ad>`

:::note
Did you know that staff work to remove our interaction with government action regularly. If you have something you fee we can automate open a ticket in #support
:::

- Hat Recipes Implmented!
  - The previously released hates from the previous [Changelog](https://wiki.democracycraft.net/blog/2024-07-07-changelog) now has reciepes in `/ia`
- Profession Update
  - All professions skills have been reset to **0** as updating to a new plugin.
  - Previous plugin dropped support of skills hence the reason for change.
  - You now get paid every **15-minutes** for skill payments!

# Government
- Budget Management
  - The President is now able to fine/unfine directly from the government  account.

# Staff
- BlueMap
  - Has been rolled back **online**. Changes made to make it less abusable when utilizing it.
- Bedrock Support Updated to the latest version!
- Chestshops Update
  - Updated the plugin to remove ghost holograms from removed shops!
  - All shops now appear in `/find`
- DemocracyTreasury Updated
  - Updated to have proper taxation messages. It was indicated that players were not being taxed double. However, it would that player were due to the wrong display.
- Shulker Shells Update
  - ~~Disabled the ability to open shells in the air due to reasonable exploits.~~
  - Enabled the ability after migrating to a new properly written plugin.
- DemocracryDiseases
  - **ALL** diseases were reset due to a glitch of old disease non-exsistent disease data being uploaded.
- DemocracyCraft Midlife Crisis
  - DemocracryCraft didnt win in it's midlife crisis... Too long of a story to explain...
- Derpy_Bird Retirement
  - Following 954 days on the Staff Team, long time player Derpy_Bird handed in her ID and retired to nest to enjoy an evening making bird noises.

# Summary
Overall the server had a productive week in pushing new updates that included patching Postman Pat a long time feature all the way down to wishing the best to a long time staff member of the server. Overall the week was a success and we look forward to seeing you throughout this week.
